Add installation instructions to the docs (#116)
secrethub/terraform-provider-secrethub: docs/index.md

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

## Installation

### Terraform 0.13 and later

To install this provider, copy and paste this code into your Terraform configuration. Then, run `terraform init`.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    secrethub = {
      source = "secrethub/secrethub"

>       version = "1.2.2"

Reviewer: Do we want to add this static version here? We can also just refer to the `Install Provider` button on the top right of this page, then it's always up-to-date.

Author: Alternatively, we could auto-bump it like we do a.o. in the pipeline for our GitHub action: https://github.com/secrethub/actions/blob/v0.2.0/.github/workflows/bump-version.yml

Reviewer: Could work, but isn't it just as easy to refer to the `Use Provider` button? It's literally on the same page.

Author: I think including it in the page is slightly more user friendly, but I'm okay with referring to the button.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

## Installation

### Terraform 0.13 and later

To install this provider, copy and paste this code into your Terraform configuration. Then, run `terraform init`.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    secrethub = {
      source = "secrethub/secrethub"
      version = "1.2.2"
    }
  }
}
```

### Terraform 0.12 and earlier

> For Terraform 0.12 and earlier, you have to download the binary for your operating system and architecture from [GitHub releases](https://github.com/secrethub/terraform-provider-secrethub/releases) yourselves and place it in `~/.terraform.d/plugins` (`%APPDATA%\terraform.d\plugins` on Windows).
> 
> For linux amd64, you can do so with the following command:
> ```sh
> mkdir -p ~/.terraform.d/plugins && curl -SfL https://github.com/secrethub/terraform-provider-secrethub/releases/latest/download/terraform-provider-secrethub-linux-amd64.tar.gz | tar zxf - -C ~/.terraform.d/plugins
> ```

Reviewer 2: We could also just link to our nice install tabs here: https://secrethub.io/docs/guides/terraform/#install
So you get macOS, Windows, and 386 too. And we keep it short here, e.g.:

````suggestion
For Terraform 0.12 and earlier, you have to [place the binary in the plugin directory](https://secrethub.io/docs/guides/terraform/#install)
````
